Add smpp-inbound-endpoint-example (#1553)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/references/connectors/smpp-connector/smpp-inbound-endpoint-example.md

# SMPP Inbound Endpoint Example

> The SMPP inbound endpoint allows you to consume messages from SMSC via WSO2 EI. WSO2 EI SMPP inbound endpoint acts as a message consumer. It creates a connection with the SMSC, then listen a port to consume only SMS messages from the SMSC and injects the messages to the EI sequence. It will receive alert notification or will notify when a data short message accepted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SMPP inbound endpoint allows you to consume messages from SMSC via WSO2 EI. WSO2 EI SMPP inbound endpoint acts as a message consumer. It creates a connection with the SMSC, then listens on a port to consume only SMS messages from the SMSC and injects the messages to the EI sequence. It will receive alert notifications or will notify when a data short message accepted.
```

Author: Updated.

## What you'll build

This scenario demonstrates how the SMPP inbound endpoint works as an message consumer. In this scenario, you should have a connectivity with SMSC (Short Message service center) via SMPP protocol. For this we are using **SMSC simulator** to accomplish the required requirements. Please refer the [Setting up the SMPP Connector](smpp-connector-configuration.md) documentation for more information.

> In here the SMPP inbound endpoint is listening to the Short Message service center for consuming messages using defined port number in the Inbound Endpoint configurations. If SMSC generates some message by itself or user injects SMS messages to the SMSC, WSO2 EI SMPP Inbound Endpoint will receive and notify. Then just log the SMS message content. In your own Scenarios, you can inject that message into the mediation flow for getting the required output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SMPP inbound endpoint is listening to the Short Message service center for consuming messages using defined port number in the Inbound Endpoint configurations. If SMSC generates some message by itself or user injects SMS messages to the SMSC, WSO2 EI SMPP Inbound Endpoint will receive and notify. Then just log the SMS message content. In your own scenarios, you can inject that message into the mediation flow for getting the required output.
```

Author: Updated.

> Following diagram shows the overall solution we are going to build. The SMSC will generating or getting messages from the outside SMPP inbound endpoint will consume messages based on the updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following diagram shows the overall solution we are going to build. The SMSC will generate or receive messages from the outside, while the SMPP inbound endpoint will consume messages based on the updates.
```

Author: Updated.
